hey guys wrench in here bring you
another stock of commentary this is
going to first set in Group B or under
32 of the Hana day to msl it's gonna be
two in game between flash and midas on
our I to gonna have flash at the bottom
right of position as the brown Terran
and at the upper left in position as the
red turn we can have mitis I'm actually
well not fully redoing this but I got
what was it 10 minutes into the game
before I realized i was completely
confusing the colors I had the correct
colors and positions correct at the
beginning but then it all went haywire
in my head for some reason so whatever
33 34 35 so got some sinking going and
uh you know it's kind of kinda you know
not the best thing ever when you're
casting in the tvt and then halfway
through the game you know a crap I'm
casting the players wrong it'll happen
it'll happen it's kind of unfortunate
but it'll happen so anyway this is
between midas and flash really
interesting to see kind of the new guard
and the old guard flash of course the
guy that's destroying everybody right
now he is the penultimate turn player at
the moment the greatest Terran player
ever right now pretty much um the most
dominant turn player in starcraft right
now he really is killing everybody
despite his msl loss and I was whole
finals last season he I think really has
come ahead to just continue dominating
still playing at his best playing
arguably better than jaedong is at the
moment when someone's gonna go out there
with an early so he's kept start things
off very uncharacteristic for him really
because back in the day he used to be
known as the guy who scouts never it's
often scouted after his initial factory
and I was just sometimes weird to say on
the opposite side apparently flights
gonna go for a 14 CC because he hasn't
built any barracks he's gonna go for 14
CC might is just gonna go for perks
alongside his refinery in this early CV
for- things are going to really pay off
because gonna be able to get that always
get in there and it's really interesting
for me rude you to see this matchup as
well because
minus was one of you know the Terran
players back in the day who could have
been extremely great a lot of people
expected many great things and
unfortunately never really accomplished
anything never won a star league or
anything of the story even though a lot
of people were expecting some of me I
mean we're just gonna go in there and
flash oh god I'm confusing things again
already okay that was the opposite mitis
went for the 14 CC oh god that would
have been awful I would have an awful if
I did it all over again might us gonna
go for the 14 CC flash gonna go for the
barracks in alongside refinery do
apologize wow that if that had happened
twice I would have just thrown my
microphone into my window and
frustration so flies can accounts but
going for a vertical commander himself
think he actually didn't have any gas
money so just go get to come in to go Oh
Snipes an SCV meanwhile gonna continue
being annoying delaying the command sir
as long as humanly possible Midas Miller
just plopping down that barracks blow
that ramp I can pull off yet another HTV
to force flashes on his TV away so nice
play there from flash trying to delay
these elites as long as possible so
kinda tempted as he's gonna attempt to
play a you know catch up economically
floor of his command shirts in as soon
as his first marine comes up and I was
approaching GCC despite it being a
little bit delayed Midas is gonna have a
bit of economic economically it's gonna
be able to get more factions produced
for more factories a little bit faster
gonna have that additional gas a little
bit faster meanwhile now he's also gonna
get is scattering side flash moving out
with a marine knocking able to stop the
SUV scout and minus T I'm not going to
go in for the kill on that last is if
you're just going to go inside spot spot
the factory coming up there for flash
the two factories actually coming up now
for flash pro going to be seeing Midas
adding in his own second factory as soon
as he sees this is sure much because he
sees this but also because he has the
economy for a trench in you know makes
sense makes sense right but this fortune
see really gonna give minus an
opportunity to produce units at a higher
rate and because well flies tried to you
know compete economically followed with
a commencer pretty fast right on might
assist heels as soon as he saw what was
happening
so the release is not gonna be very far
economical behind but this is gonna give
minus a little bit of window opportunity
to have more units out there can add in
the third factory right now add in one
machine shop I think I saw machine I'm
not quite to sure ya did say machine
shop on the opposite side coming in for
flash as well I saw that yeah I'm gonna
see now which what what each point
decides to go for flash I'm going to go
for two machine shop so he's gonna go
for very heavy tank production on the
opposite side we are most likely going
to be seeing heavy vulture production
from those factories are also gone for
too long said machine shops talking as
if I don't know what's gonna happen um
so at the berries this gonna give my de
su quick armory out there for flash is
going to try to win the upgrade war is
all going to truck continue getting some
upgrades going and one of the things
aren't about upgrades that past upgrade
plus two doesn't really matter what
you're gonna go for just get those plus
two upgrades is turn player and just
continue pumping vultures don't come out
first probably gonna go for speed maybe
mines might be mines before but
generally Nativity Dulce speed coming up
first cos gonna give you that
maneuverability advantage and when the
tank is a when you have only a small
number of tanks you're facing you aren't
going to be able to go into those
vultures cone there do a lot of damage
with them despite the lack of Mines can
be able to go and get some strands going
in would lose a lot of a couple vultures
as you do so but still could do a lot of
image 5 vultures out there ready for my
disease gonna continue production on the
opposite side we see one tank in marina
therefore twice removed out a little bit
force that barracks back a little bit
not if nothing else matters mean all
gets his own barracks in there three
tanks out there for flash alongside one
single SUV not really going to be able
to accomplish much with that but it
varies going to be able because the
units are rather large can be able to
prevent from those voters from moving in
and harassing that natural without
significant sacrifices we did see flash
well I see I did beat it if you didn't
that's why I'm telling it for that's why
I'm telling it to you guys but we did
see him flash that is adding in another
Academy another I mean a Academy so he
can get some concepts that kya cops am I
sick what is that sounds like a some
sort of dog food or something um COMSAT
station it's going to move out and split
are these tanks a lot of its setting an
adult
that one tank acts as a spotter for the
other tank sizable I think what it was
aight vultures out there now for might
as well flash ads in his third third
faction quite a bit later after midas
but- not i got ad in full machine shops
he's gonna just pull those with tanks
follow this up these vultures with heavy
tanks we're gonna go to the 4 o'clock
position which will be flash for third
i'm sorry and plant down tanks to
prevent thought that from happening and
and while he actually expands towards
his own 1130 flash gonna go for Goliath
instead of vultures gonna go there may
be able to blow up the barracks oi if if
mine is ones to put down additional
factories going to want to do that
fairly soon so your third machine shop
coming out to Professor he's going to
focus very heavily on the tanks and some
glue and so Goliath alongside